hello to all this dakar make us believe
to video games and today I you
learn to crack so late so everything
first you are going to need these
three bittorrent diamond software or
slide is a rare then I would put
this torrent the link of the chiplead in
discussions to get the star torrent
carter so once you want
download you will suffer in
Ukraine
they want changes that so the
pink download about three
hours added I had it a
Normal connection for all
machines the wp7 continue and well
land on anglo china so to go
drag the iso turgot file and you
go open with words all this is
completely the rights to cry with
diamond society
here
then
our under a little time passion that
the disk image is 1 p then we go
arrive on this file so we go in
small leaflets and to be born on turns and
here
once it's strata will reopen
theft of installed applications
here it is here so we condemn it the
sugar on the back then we had a good
reflection yes
either one
AIE Aie Aie
and we do ok
so the
the installation is being done
little you shift finished right away
here are the updates we finish here we
plant nonstop clauses and
now from a kraft folder so everything
first we'll take the bate clichés
of a come and stay the buzz will be done
to copy
then to go to the disk
god proventec we will go in
starcraft 2 we'll copy them here
we go the package
so we can see they are either glued
his father sends him forget this match and we
will still make a donation for m actually
it's up to us on the left of the skull
I take you back the eternal here is the
update arrived so there is
falls back into recycling
we see what kraft two versions
support is 7 points but we will
copy he had operated hockey
So here is the revenge replaced
epic and hiding and then
we're going to have a starcraft shortcut 2 on
office
I
college of art fair
Oh
because we are going to migrate
bad news so there the game I you
show that the game is in English
The point
leave you a little early to show you
that remove them
we hide a soul a person like you
see a single player multiplied who
does not work the multiplayer did not mark
no campaign stars and orioles
so the wants and well in so I closed
the game and now I 'm going to put it
in French so to do that you
will have to example my star documents
Portuguese and their architects
honda and open it let go down and if
point out local that must be equal the
ngp
there you have changed you to that of
skull the same for the other below
I carve after his magnificent and
then you make recorded file
one against being when you want and
you can play the game now is
in French that's how I 'm going
eventually they will leave are
now in French the rumor runs
that a little start the gip solo campaign
have created an account created a group so
see the game is now in France
I hope this tutoring was useful
do not hesitate to subscribe to my channel
has a little video and have recourse for
a next video at sight